c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\SurfaceWindow1.baml
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\SurfaceWindow1.g.cs
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp_Content.g.cs
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.g.resources
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.xml
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.exe
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.pdb
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\HaptiQ_API.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\Input_API.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.GlyphRecognition.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\HaptiQ_API.pdb
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\HaptiQ_API.xml
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\bin\Debug\Input_API.pdb
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.exe
c:\users\simone\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SurfaceApplication1\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.pdb
